
The following highlights are in this 1.51-release ince v1.50:

+ 1.51	
                Fix for squished screen
                Only request passband when there is a scope available
                Change default passband colors.
                Fix passband colorswatch
                Ignore second VFO scope data (for now)
                Silently ignore server audio issues if server is not enabled.
                Always use 8bit encoding for audio device names
                Make multimedia-plugins message only for Linux
                Add PSK modes to IC-7610 and to passband.
                Add passband for FM mode
                Added click-drag tuning. Needs refinement but it's a start.
                colorpicker: Move to 3 columns
                passband indicator
                Remove logging of audio device realm
+ 1.52		added cluster spotting including color picker suport
    		optional SQLITE in memory for spots (disabled)
+ 1.53          modified band buttons to look more alike the layout on the rigs
		audio selction combobox shows full devicenames
    		Fixed color preset zero issue.
    		Fixed unusual set of conditions in which manual CI-V address would fail
    		to identify the connected radio. 
    		Fixed broken RTS preference. Added preliminary (and untested) support
    		for the IC-703, 737, 738, and 756.
    		added libs for suse builds; it also builds on leap 15.5
    		Add skimmer support (setting not saved)
    		Add AR Cluster support
+1.54		Various wfserver fixes
		logging using termbin edge case fix
+1.55	  	Compiles with QT5 and 6 now
    		Many audio-fixes
    		Fix wfserver device detection
    		Prevent memory leak on exit
    		Dawid Szymanski - SQ6EMM/SN6M 'standardHFfix'; fixed missing 160m band
    		Support hotplug audio on QT6+
    		Remove Exception from RT audio as it doesn't exist in newer versions of RTAudio
    		Tidy-up device enumeration for Qt audio
    		Log enumeration of audio devices
    		Fix codec selection issue in both QT5 and 6
    		Make sure compilation with QT5 still works
+1.56	   	Rename in/out Formats to avoid confusion
    		Fix all audio formats and some compile warnings!
    		Add function to handle connect/disconnect
    		Add option of popup alert
    		Change serial port signal for QT6.
    		Various audio fixes (needs checking with Qt5)
    		Fix portaudio
    		Fix for QTAudio when using QT6 and above.
+1.57		Merged current shuttle code in. Note that it does
                not work yet and is commented out in the build process
                Fix invalid filter width being sent to rig by rigctld.
                Ability to drag the passband for a variable filter width	
                Added preference for automatic sideband.
+1.58		PTT on now is default	
		PBT is shown on the passband, see "Show more" button 
		filterwidth can be adjusted . see "Show more" button
		cpability to send predefined cw for righs that support it.
    		Fixed up many key shortcuts, added HJKL key shortcuts.


	
Notes:

- We know about high CPU usage on RPi.
- try the audiostack you like the most/what works for you

